---
layout: post
title:  "Week 1"
date:   2020-06-08 13:22:00 +0530
categories:
---

# Coding Period (1st June - 31st August)

## 1st June 2020

* Implemented lexer using flex, parses variable assignment, and arithmetic and comparison expressions.
* Tested program with test files and wrote a Makefile for simplicity.

## 2nd June 2020

* Fixed issue with my laptop, crashed due on boot due to bleeding edge kernel, learnt a lot about SecureBoot.
* Went through [tutorial video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54bo1qaHAfk) on bison/flex.

## 3rd June 2020

* Implemented parser using Bison for variable assignment and arithmetic expression evaluation.
* Read a bit about Bison on gnu.org.
  
## 4th June 2020

* Read blog on bison+flex to debug issue with bison.
* Fixed grammar issue due to which all commands were identified as syntax error, caused due to a innocent typo in flex file.
* Posted week 0 progress on mailing list.
* Partially filled GSoC2020 common project page on elinux.

## 5th June 2020

* Completed GSoC2020 common project page on elinux.
* Completed slides for introductory youtube video.
* Restructured flex and bison files, tested variable declaration grammer.
* Encountered issue with handling of multi term arithmetic expressions.

## 6th June 2020

* Completed implementation of relational operators.
* Completed implementation of relational expressions.
* Fixed issue with handling of multi term arithmetic expressions.

## 7th June 2020

* Read about LLVM IR
* Completed [introductory video](https://youtu.be/AXacKDdxSdY)
